SEO fixes for docs (#197)
JovianML/jovian-py: docs/api-reference/commit.md

## Commit

```eval_rst
.. meta::

>    :description: Use Jovian commit to upload jupyter notebooks online

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Use Jovian commit to upload and share Jupyter notebooks on Jovian platform.
```
